DeveloperKit/README.md, before:

#   A pPEG Parser Machine Developer Kit

This directory contains JavaScript code samples for the incremental development of a pPEG parser machine, as explained in [pPEG-machine].

Each step has a code file that can be run with Node.js.

####  Step 1:   [Machine-1]

    First toy parser for date grammar example
    No parse tree generation
    4-instruction parser machine
    50 LOC grammar and parser code
    50 LOC parser machine

####  Step 2:     [Machine-2]

    Toy parser for date grammar example
    now generating a parse tree.
    4-instruction parser machine,
    100 LOC parser machine

####  Step 3:     [Machine-3]

    More instructions, date grammar example 
    7-instruction parser machine,
    130 LOC parser machine

####  Step 4:     [Machine-4]

    Parser for pPEG boot grammar
    full 8-instruction parser machine,
    150 LOC parser machine

####  Step 5:     [Machine-5]

    Parser for full pPEG grammar, 
    8-instruction parser machine,
    parser_code from pPEG ptree,
    export grammar compile API
    200 LOC parser machine        

####  Full pPEG implementation:     [Machine-6]

    Full code for pPEG parser machine.
     50 LOC pPEG grammar source and Json ptree
    250 LOC parser machine
    250 LOC compiler
    250 LOC fault and trace reporting
    130 LOC built-in extensions
    950 LOC total

[pPEG-machine]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEG/blob/master/docs/pPEG-machine.md

[Machine-1]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-1.js
[Machine-2]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-2.js
[Machine-3]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-3.js
[Machine-4]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-4.js
[Machine-5]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-5.js
[Machine-6]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/pPEG.mjs

Commit message:

nonlocals version
all up to machine-7.py run fine..
could not use instruction function vars with this version
plan to move on to a eval(exp, env) version

DeveloperKit/README.md, after:


Fault reporting

Max pos can be tracked in sq, dq, chs, but if instruction faillures do NOT reset the pos except in an alt instruction if there is another alternative to try, then the max pos can be recorded in the alt rule. The pos does get reset in the pre instruction, assuming that what happens inside the lookahead predicates can be ignored.

The only other place the pos may need to be reset is the rep instruction when the last iteration of a repeat loop fails but the repeat count is sufficient for the instruction to return true.






#   A pPEG Parser Machine Developer Kit

This directory contains JavaScript code samples for the incremental development of a pPEG parser machine, as explained in [pPEG-machine].

Each step has a code file that can be run with Node.js.

####  Step 1:   [Machine-1]

    First toy parser for date grammar example
    No parse tree generation
    4-instruction parser machine
    50 LOC grammar and parser code
    50 LOC parser machine

####  Step 2:     [Machine-2]

    Toy parser for date grammar example
    now generating a parse tree.
    4-instruction parser machine,
    100 LOC parser machine

####  Step 3:     [Machine-3]

    More instructions, date grammar example 
    7-instruction parser machine,
    130 LOC parser machine

####  Step 4:     [Machine-4]

    Parser for pPEG boot grammar
    full 8-instruction parser machine,
    150 LOC parser machine

####  Step 5:     [Machine-5]

    Parser for full pPEG grammar, 
    8-instruction parser machine,
    parser_code from pPEG ptree,
    export grammar compile API
    200 LOC parser machine        

####  Full pPEG implementation:     [Machine-6]

    Full code for pPEG parser machine.
     50 LOC pPEG grammar source and Json ptree
    250 LOC parser machine
    250 LOC compiler
    250 LOC fault and trace reporting
    130 LOC built-in extensions
    950 LOC total

[pPEG-machine]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEG/blob/master/docs/pPEG-machine.md

[Machine-1]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-1.js
[Machine-2]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-2.js
[Machine-3]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-3.js
[Machine-4]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-4.js
[Machine-5]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/DeveloperKit/machine-5.js
[Machine-6]: https://github.com/pcanz/pPEGjs/blob/master/pPEG.mjs
